docs: support/release schedule (#218)
getnacelle/nacelle-js: packages/shopify-cart/README.md

- ships in [tree-shakeable](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Tree_shaking) ESM, as well as UMD & IIFE formats for maximum portability
- 100% code coverage

## Versioning

> `@nacelle/shopify-cart` will release major updates quarterly that coincide with the Shopify Storefront API's [release schedule][shopify-release-schedule]. Any new feature requests will be released with the next major update. Minor updates & patches will be released on an as needed basis.

Reviewer: When we update to the next version of the Shopify Storefront API, it might be a patch or minor release, rather than a major.

This might be a good place to define our Project Roadmap, so that we can let developers know how far into the future we are committing to updating this package:

```suggestion
`@nacelle/shopify-cart` will release quarterly updates that coincide with the Shopify Storefront API's [release schedule][shopify-release-schedule], such that the `@latest` version of `@nacelle/shopify-cart` uses the latest version of the Shopify Storefront API. Features in the Project Roadmap will be added in quarterly releases. Minor updates & patches will be released on an as-needed basis.

## Project Roadmap

We welcome [feature & enhancement suggestions](https://github.com/getnacelle/nacelle-js/issues/new?labels=enhancement%2Ctriage&template=feature_request.yml&title=%5BEnhancement%5D%3A+) via GitHub Issues.

### October 2022

- Update to use the `2022-10` version of the Shopify Storefront API.

### January 2023

- Update to use the `2023-01` version of the Shopify Storefront API.
```
